**THESE INSTRUCTIONS, WHICH WERE GENERATED BY CHATGPT, WHILE PRETTY, ARE INCOMPLETE. DON'T USE THEM.**

Step 1: Install Docker

Before you can run the TrueBlocks Docker version, you need to have Docker installed on your machine. Docker is a platform that allows you to run applications in isolated environments called containers. You can download Docker from the official website: https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop

Step 2: Download the TrueBlocks Docker image

Once you have Docker installed, you need to download the TrueBlocks Docker image. You can do this by opening your terminal or command prompt and running the following command:

```[bash]
docker pull trueblocks/trueblocks
```

This command will download the latest version of the TrueBlocks Docker image from the Docker Hub repository.

Step 3: Create a Docker container

Now that you have the TrueBlocks Docker image, you can create a Docker container. A container is an instance of the Docker image that you can run and interact with. To create a container, run the following command:

```[yaml]
docker run -d -p 8545:8545 -p 3000:3000 --name trueblocks trueblocks/trueblocks
```

This command will create a new Docker container named "trueblocks" and map port 8545 (the RPC port) and port 3000 (the web UI port) to the corresponding ports on your host machine. The "-d" flag tells Docker to run the container in detached mode, which means it will run in the background.

Step 4: Check the logs

After you've created the Docker container, you can check the logs to see if everything is working correctly. To view the logs, run the following command:

```[bash]
docker logs -f trueblocks
```

This command will show you the logs for the "trueblocks" container in real-time. If everything is working correctly, you should see a message that says "TrueBlocks started".

Step 5: Access the TrueBlocks web UI

Once the container is up and running, you can access the TrueBlocks web UI by opening a web browser and navigating to http://localhost:3000. You should see the TrueBlocks dashboard, which allows you to interact with the TrueBlocks API, view block data, and manage your Ethereum accounts.

That's it! You now have the TrueBlocks Docker version up and running on your machine. If you have any issues or questions, consult the TrueBlocks documentation or community forums.
